+++ 
draft = false
date = 2022-09-04T03:25:29-03:00
title = "Rocketseat's Discord server, a comprehensive and behavioural analysis"
description = "This is a comprehensive analysis of the ideology applied by the members of the Rocketseat's discord server, also a collection of data gathered for about 15 days."
slug = ""
authors = ["biscoito", "luidiblu"]
tags = ["data-gathering", "data-analysis", "ideological-analysis", "rocketseat"]
+++

# How it all started
I've always heard that Rocketseat had a bad reputation from my friends, that made me really question myself why, upon reviewing their YouTube channel where they would publish simple tutorials/guides about web frameworks/technologies I realized that they wanted to help the web development community in some way or another, 

# Talking Discord
I think part of their ideology is based on fighting over operating systems/languages/technologies as user u/e7hz3r0 on Reddit says:

"Software developers are, in general, pretty opinionated. I doubt this is unique to developers, but it gets tiresome when you've dealt with it for years. If we're not fighting over what operating system is better, then it's what language is better. If it's not that, then it's code editors, or databases, or frameworks, or bug trackers, or development processes, or...or...or. It's like we enjoy fighting."

And I think it's actually pretty accurate.

I also realized a pattern between the time of day, late at night, specific groups of people would join the Discord server and discuss about something, also there is a specific group of people that frequently visit their Discord channels. Most of the times, there is at least one person sharing their screen on any of their Discord channels.

Peak of users in voice channels are outside of the work hours

# Data Analysis
This is not about how they claim to know certain languages/technologies, this is about how many people are actually using those languages/technologies in real-world situations by seeing their screens being shared on Discord.


# Conclusion
The programming community is always evolving,

PS: Parts of this post were generated by GPT-3 (OpenAI's autoregressive language model that uses deep learning to produce human-like text.)