content/posts/rocketseats-discord-server-a-comprehensive-behavioural-analysis.md, before:

+++ 
draft = false
date = 2022-09-04T03:25:29-03:00
title = "Rocketseat's Discord server, a comprehensive and behavioural analysis"
description = "This is a comprehensive analysis of the ideology used by the members of the Rocketseat's discord server, also a collection of data gathered for about 15 days."
slug = ""
authors = ["biscoito", "luidiblu"]
tags = ["data-gathering", "data-analysis", "ideological-analysis", "rocketseat"]
+++

# How it all started
I've always heard that Rocketseat had a bad reputation from my friends, that made me question myself why, upon reviewing their YouTube channel where they publish simple tutorials/guides about web frameworks/technologies I realized that they wanted to somewhat help the web development community, but after seeing their paid courses,

# Talking Discord
I also realized a pattern between the time of day, late at night, specific groups of people would join the Discord server and discuss about something

# Data Analysis
So far OSes:
- Users using Linux: 3
- Users using Windows: 5
- Users using macOS: 2  

So far Languages used:
- Users using PHP: 1
- Users using JavaScript: 7
- Users using Elixir: 0
- Users using Ruby: 0
- Users using Java: 1
- Users using Python: 0
- Users using Dart: 2
- Users using Kotlin: 0
- Users using Swift: 0
- Users using Go: 0

So far Technologies used:
- Users using ReactJS: 7
- Users using NextJS: 2
- Users using Flutter: 2
- Users using TailwindCSS: 1
- Users using Vite: 2
-

Commit message:

add more notes, changed some stuff

content/posts/rocketseats-discord-server-a-comprehensive-behavioural-analysis.md, after:

+++ 
draft = false
date = 2022-09-04T03:25:29-03:00
title = "Rocketseat's Discord server, a comprehensive and behavioural analysis"
description = "This is a comprehensive analysis of the ideology applied by the members of the Rocketseat's discord server, also a collection of data gathered for about 15 days."
slug = ""
authors = ["biscoito", "luidiblu"]
tags = ["data-gathering", "data-analysis", "ideological-analysis", "rocketseat"]
+++

# How it all started
I've always heard that Rocketseat had a bad reputation from my friends, that made me really question myself why, upon reviewing their YouTube channel where they would publish simple tutorials/guides about web frameworks/technologies I realized that they wanted to help the web development community in some way or another, 

# Talking Discord
I also realized a pattern between the time of day, late at night, specific groups of people would join the Discord server and discuss about something, also there is a specific group of people that frequently visit their Discord channels. Most of the times, there is at least one person sharing their screen on any of their Discord channels.

Peak of users in voice channels are outside of the work hours

# Data Analysis
This is not about how they claim to know certain languages/technologies, this is about how many people are actually using those languages/technologies in real-world situations by seeing their screens being shared on Discord.

So far OSes:
- Users using Linux: 3
- Users using Windows: 5
- Users using macOS: 2  

So far Languages used:
- Users using PHP: 1
- Users using JavaScript: 7
- Users using Elixir: 0
- Users using Ruby: 0
- Users using Java: 1
- Users using Python: 0
- Users using Dart: 2
- Users using Kotlin: 0
- Users using Swift: 0
- Users using Go: 0

So far Technologies used:
- Users using ReactJS: 7
- Users using NextJS: 2
- Users using Flutter: 2
- Users using TailwindCSS: 1
- Users using Vite: 2
-
